Added dir notes in astro:build:done documentation (#808)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/reference/integrations-reference.md

**Type:** [`URL`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL)

> A URL path to the build output directory. We wrap the path in a URL object for easier parsing.
> 
> e.g. If you just want the path as a string.  
> Use fileURLToPath to get it.  
> The reason dir.pathname is not used here is that in Windows environments, dir.pathname starts with `/` in the URL syntax, so codes like `path.join` will cause errors.

Reviewer: Added link to Node docs for clarity!

```suggestion
A URL path to the build output directory. Note that if you need a valid absolute path string, you should use Node's built-in [`fileURLToPath`](https://nodejs.org/api/url.html#urlfileurltopathurl) utility.
```

```js

> import { fileURLToPath } from 'url';
> 
> // ...
> 'astro:build:done': async ({ dir }) => {
>   // Windows
>   console.log(dir.pathname)
>   // /C:/~~~ omission ~~~
>   console.log(path.join(dir.pathname, 'dir'))
>   // C:\C:\~~~ omission ~~~\dir
> 
>   console.log(path.join(fileURLToPath(dir), 'dir'))
>   // C:\~~~ omission ~~~\dir
>   // Also,
>   console.log(fileURLToPath(new URL('./dir', dir)))
>   // C:\~~~ omission ~~~\dir
> }

Reviewer: Updated example for clarity!

```suggestion
import { writeFile } from 'node:fs/promises';
import { fileURLToPath } from 'node:url';

export default function myIntegration() {
  return {
    hooks: {
      'astro:build:done': async ({ dir }) => {
        const metadata = await getIntegrationMetadata();
        // Use fileURLToPath to get a valid, cross-platform absolute path string 
        const outFile = fileURLToPath(new URL('./my-integration.json', dir));
        await fs.writeFile(outFile, JSON.stringify(metadata));
      }
    }
  }
}
```
